There's something
kind of darker in here.
I think there could have been
a lot of negativity
because of Masonic rituals
and stuff.
Whoa!
Something just yelled very
loudly, "Get the [bleep] out."
I got a message for you.
The dead are in the basement.
Oh.
I don't know if you know this,
but you're deceased.
You're no longer
a part of the living.
"I'll come back."
There was a really
creepy whisper
that just said that,
and something's touching me.
That's really strange.
There's more to this basement
than meets the eye.
[woman speaking].
Right now, they're treating it
like a crime scene.
The dead want a voice.
We just wanna
help this family.
The living need our help.
Have you always been here?
He was watching already.
[tense music playing]
[Adam] This is it, right?
[Amy] This is it.
[Adam] This place
already looks creepy.
[Amy] Adam and I are in East
Bridgewater, Massachusetts,
getting ready to investigate a
130-year-old Masonic building.
Lorrie Parker called us in.
She owns
an antique shop here.
She actually thinks that
there's something
kind of darker in here.
There's been all kinds
of things that have gone on
in this building.
I mean, it used to be
a mortuary,
it was a Mason's lodge.
The Free and Accepted Masons
is the largest secret society
in the world.
Their history dates
back to the Crusades.
Members even include
the founding fathers
of the United States,
and their secret symbols
are visible everywhere.
But little is known
about their rituals,
or their supposed fascination
with death and the afterlife.
So, they're very ritualistic.
And that intention,
in the space,
as we have learned and have
used in investigations
can have a lasting effect.
And they're extremely
protective
of their secrets
and of their buildings.
And so, I feel like
we should probably
tread lightly initially
and try to gain their trust.
All right,
so why don't we go in,
we'll chat with Lorrie.
You've got morgue, Masons,
place filled with antiques.
-[Adam] Yeah.
-Scared owner.
So, this is just one floor.
Lorrie.
-Hello.
-Hey.
-Hi, I'm Amy.
-How are you?
-Good to meet you.
Adam, nice to see you.
Welcome to the old
Masonic building.
-[Adam] Thank you.
-This is something else.
[Lorrie] Built in 1892.
A lot of energy here.
This is the antique store,
right?
Is this just this floor?
-It goes all the way
to the back.
-Oh, it does.
In my very back room
is a Victorian parlor,
which was once
a funeral parlor.
Okay. Okay.
How long has activity been
going on here?
-I've been here for 13 years.
-Mmm-hmm.
So, it's 13 years.
I was in a small shop
in the same Masonic building
for seven years,
then I moved over here
when it got--
-Oh, I see.
-Oh, you were like
a couple doors down?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Ah, okay.
-And there was
a lot of activity there.
Do you think
it's all connected?
-Definitely.
-Okay.
Yeah.
I know, it's the energy
in the walls, in the floors,
in the woodwork,
and in the items.
-Right.
-Right, that's what
we were gonna ask about.
Yeah.
Have you had any activity
surrounding things
that are in your shop?
This little perfume.
A customer came in.
He picks it up.
Smells it.
-I could smell the perfume.
-Yeah.
I opened it up and I said,
"This perfume is empty."
This type of thing happens
here a lot.
Definitely doesn't smell.
-It doesn't have a smell?
-No.
[Lorrie] No, no odor at all.
Let's head back that way,
shall we?
Yeah, seems like
there's a lot more to look at.
What was this room?
This was Prophet & Flynn
funeral parlor.
People have been touched here
on the shoulder.
People tell me
that they got pushed.
I had my Victorian bonnet on,
I walked through the door,
and something yanked it
right off my head.
Okay, so should we head
to the other shop?
Before we go
to the other shop,
this is the basement,
which I'm not going down
because it's kind of
a creepy place.
The last tenant that was here,
she got sick to her stomach
going down the stairs once.
She was really shaken.
-Okay. All right.
-All right.
We will go down there
for sure.
-Basement on the list.
-You don't wanna miss it.
The older shop,
that way, right?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
[dramatic music playing]
This at one time
was my antique shop.
-Okay.
This area,
there were some people in here
and they were putting
the sprinkler system in.
And the kid who's holding
the ladder got pushed.
Also, a woman came in the shop
one day and she said,
"I'd like you to come
and visit our church."
She told me
it was in a Masonic building.
I said, "Is your
Masonic building
as nice as here?"
And she said,
"Every bit as nice."
The next thing I know,
this woman is on the floor.
She was visibly shaken.
And she said, "She felt
something push
her left shoulder."
Wow.
I think she touched this
nerve that the Masons
didn't want someone saying,
our Masonic building...
-[Amy] Yeah.
-...is better than yours.
We know, there's just
so many unanswered questions
over the period of time.
I think there could have been
a lot of negativity
because of Masonic rituals
and stuff.
-All right.
-Well, okay.
So, should we go upstairs?
[Adam] This is really cool
right here.
This is where
the temple was...
-Right.
-The Masons.
[Amy] Whoa, now that's...
[Adam] Wow, this space
is huge.
In this area, a few people
have seen a shadow person.
[Amy] Do the Masons
still use this
or when did they stop
using it?
No, it was sold in the 1980s.
Okay.
When I first moved in,
this was the room,
I felt like
there was a crowd
watching me.
Okay.
It felt like the Masons
were letting me know that,
"Hey, this is a guy place."
The energy was
a little bit more negative.
[dramatic music playing]
[Adam] Lorrie was convinced
that there is
aggressive activity
connected to the Masons.
And we have
a lot of ground to cover.
This place is huge.
So, we have
a lot of work to do.
Our friend Shawn
is gonna come by.
He is a Freemason.
He's local to the area.
And he's been a Mason
for a number of years.
It seems like
they're very heavily invested
in the idea
that Masons
are haunting this building.
And so, we just
wanna find out
more about them
before we just assume
that's the case
or that they had
anything negative
going on here
in the first place.
So, Shawn, thank you
for joining us here
in this Masonic Temple.
How protective are Masons
of their secrets?
So, we do take what they call
an obligation
to never disclose the secrets.
I mean, our ceremonies
are ceremonies
that have been done
from the beginning of time,
our forefathers.
My particular lodge
and the lodge that
this particular lodge
formed with
is actually charted
by Paul Revere.
Oh!
Freemasonry goes back to the,
the days of the Crusades
with the Knights Templar.
Do you feel like
maybe Freemasons now
are a little more casual
versus how they used to be?
Absolutely.
So, to become a Mason
back in that time,
they had to know somebody.
So, specifically here,
they think the Masons
in this building
are very protective
of their space.
Yeah. Especially if they pass,
while this was still active.
Yeah.
The spirit or whatever
was probably here
during lodge meetings,
sitting in the chair
watching meetings happen.
-Yeah. Right.
-Mmm-hmm.
There's some activity here
that they keep associating
with the Masons.
One of which is people keep
getting like pushed on
one shoulder or something.
-Yes.
-Okay.
So, there is a,
a part of the ceremony
where it does something
along those lines.
Wow. Okay.
[dramatic music playing]
[Amy] We're about to pass
the reins to Shawn.
He is going upstairs to use
the former Masonic Temple
to wake up these spirits.
The ritual he is performing
is so secretive
that he's unplugged his audio.
He'll have no crew with him.
Only security cameras.
[dramatic music playing]
He's unplugging his audio.
Yeah, that's him.
[Adam] Why do I feel like
the energy has shifted?
Just waiting for
one of these chairs to,
like, push out.
I think, yeah, he's coming.
Okay, so
how was that up there?
I just reiterated the fact
that I'm a Mason.
Yeah, sure. Okay.
Tried to say some keywords.
I got that chill, that weird,
like, something was around.
But nothing made itself
apparent, really.
-Okay.
[Amy] We're hoping
Shawn's keywords
woke up the Masons
in this building and made them
more forthcoming.
Now, we're going downstairs
to Lorrie's old shop
where the violent
shoving incident occurred,
to question
these potential masons.
There's been issues
in this area before
where people have been
pushed on the,
the left shoulder
specifically.
So that's why we thought
we would bring you
in here and see.
So, I'm gonna do
a quick EVP session here.
I'm just gonna ask
right off the bat.
So, to whoever is in here,
we brought
our friend Shawn here.
[Adam] We wanted
to bring Shawn over here
because Shawn is a Mason.
Shawn, is there anything
that you could say
that we could hear
that would encourage
a fellow Mason to talk?
Say Brother Hiram.
If you are a brother,
you know what that means.
Tell us you are a brother.
[Adam] We really want you
to communicate with us
and let us know who you are.
For Lorrie's sake.
Let's listen to this.
It's been running.
We brought
our friend Shawn here.
We wanted to bring Shawn over
here because Shawn is a Mason.
[dramatic music playing]
Shawn, does that sound
familiar to you?
We bought our friend Shawn
here.
We wanted to bring Shawn over
here because Shawn is a Mason.
Shawn is there anything
you could say--
It's like, so hard to hear,
it's like somebody is speaking
but they're not giving off
that energy that--
Not at all. Not territorial.
If you're a brother,
you know what that means.
Tell us you are a brother.
I know.
Yeah, no.
He would have said
something, right?
We really want you
to communicate with us
and let us know
who you are,
for Lorrie's sake.
I don't think they're a Mason.
I don't either.
Maybe there is a Mason
somewhere in this building.
But there has not been
anyone who's a Mason
who's made themselves
known to us.
We brought in a mason
who brought up, like,
Masonic rituals, and nothing.
That's not to say there's not
a lingering Freemason
in this building
every once in a while,
but we didn't get a response.
[dramatic music playing]
[Amy] Today,
we're gonna bring Chip in
on the investigation
because since we've got
a lot of possibilities here.
And so, we were thinking
that if he uses
some remote viewing skills,
he might be able to see
what we're seeing
but also feel what could be
going on in that space.
Hey, Chip, what have you
picked up so far?
What I picked up,
is disgrace,
no respect for the dead.
Hmm.
So, someone's done something
that is disrespectful
to the dead.
I don't know
what that's all about.
Okay.
Is there any--
are you picking up
anything else?
Or can we show you the space
that we're in now?
Please do.
There's a lot of stuff
in this space.
There could be enough ghosts
attached to this place
to haunt
half of North America.
[Lorrie] This was the room.
I felt like
there was a crowd
watching me.
All right, can I just tell you
what I'm being told?
Yeah.
Take me downstairs.
Okay, here we go.
Whoa!
Something just yelled
very loudly,
"Get the [bleep] out!"
[dramatic music playing]
And is this different energy
than you felt
in the rest of the building?
-Uh-huh.
-Okay.
Do we know
if it's male or female?
-Oh, it's a man.
-It's man. Yeah.
Whatever is there,
is very, like, territorial.
Yeah. Okay.
That's like...
that's the perfect word
for the whole building.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Is there anything else
you think we need to know or--
I don't get anything else
in there just like,
"This is... this is my turf,
get the hell out."
Okay.
We want to take you
one more place.
Okay.
I'm really sad in this space.
[Adam] What kind of sadness
is it?
I don't know.
Like an ending.
Okay.
All right. We're getting
into some, some
dark stuff here, kids.
Do you know if this building's
ever been used
for temporary morgues
and stuff like that?
Yes, but it wasn't temporary.
So, has this been
a funeral home?
Uh, yes.
Uh, yes, it was.
There's just something
that's there
with the whole morgue,
funeral home something.
Okay.
[Chip]
And the whole dark thing
is someone showed disrespect
to the dead.
Take a deep dive
because there's a lot of stuff
-going on in this building.
-Yeah.
Yeah, that's we were thinking.
Chip picked up
on some disturbing energy
in the former funeral home.
We need to dig
into the business,
the former owners,
and any possible incidents
there.
We're meeting with Wayne Nye,
a local historian
and genealogist
who has conducted
extensive research
on the 130-year-old building.
All right, so, Wayne,
can you give us kind of
a high-level overview of...
of what that building is
and how it came to be?
The building that you ran
was built on April 6, 1881.
There was over 60 different
businesses in there
since it was built.
Yeah, I saw... I was doing
some research and I saw
there was like
a bicycle shop.
There was a shoe store.
Yes.
Clearly, there was
the undertakers
that were there.
The first undertaker in there
was Prophet & Flynn.
And they opened in April 1st,
1902 to July of 1903.
And they handled 15 corpses
while they were there
in the building.
And this is
the death certificate
for David Ross.
Undertaker Drake. Correct.
He was a second undertaker
on the building.
He originally
was a meat cutter,
two doors down
from the Masonic building,
then he became
a state licensed embalmer.
-Interesting, I mean--
-What a transition?
A little, little bizarre.
[Adam] Yeah.
He got married in 1904,
they had a daughter
Zillah Marian Drake,
and she passed away in 1906.
And she was waked
and embalmed by her father.
It seemed like he was running
from something or someone.
They moved to Brockton
for a year.
And then I tracked him down
to La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Right.
But when he was in Wisconsin
every year,
the undertaking establishment
and his residence
were at a different address
in the directories like
he was running
from something or someone.
Right.
There was an article
in the paper that said
he was giving up his business
due to ill health
and going west to raise cattle
but that's
a very strenuous job,
so how are you gonna raise
cattle?
Then he disappeared.
I tracked him down
to Providence, Rhode Island,
where again he was involved
in undertaking.
[Amy] Interesting.
When did David Ross
leave again?
He left here in 1908.
[Amy] Did Drake run away
from here with a secret
or was he hiding something?
So, anything happened in 1907
that you know of
that would make him like go,
"Okay, I'm gonna leave now."
To be honest with you,
I'm not sure.
[dramatic music playing]
[Amy] This was
the actual funeral parlor.
[Adam] Yes.
[Amy] Right now,
we're just gonna try
to set this up
as much like a funeral parlor
as we can.
Thankfully, they have
a lot of that already done.
But we've got candles lit,
there's some funeral signs.
We're just gonna
kind of try to bring it back
to what it would have been
when it was operating
as a funeral home.
We compiled a list of
Undertaker Drake's
embalmed bodies
from the documents
Wayne Nye gave us.
[Adam] So, we are putting
equipment on top of them
to reference them
and maybe
the equipment will go off.
[Amy] We'll use
the death certificates
as trigger objects
to see if we can unlock
who Chip said
disrespected the dead.
So, should we, um,
sit in our funeral here?
Yeah.
I have the recorder.
[sighs]
Okay, here we go.
Whoever's in here with us,
there are death certificates
on the ground.
David Ross Drake.
He embalmed
all of those bodies
in the center there.
I don't know
if you're familiar with those.
Do you recognize
any of those?
If you do, can you touch
that green light on the floor?
This is David Ross Drake's
own death certificate.
If you recognize
that death certificate,
can you touch
that funeral sign
and make that black box
light up?
[music playing]
It's so quiet.
Did David Ross Drake
disrespect the dead?
Was David Ross Drake
an honest man?
Do you think that
he ever tried
anything illegal or unsavory?
Did you know David Ross Drake
in passing and in,
in the community?
If this isn't the place
for us to be looking,
where should we go
to investigate
to find our answers?
Or if we would like to speak
with whoever's here
who's nonliving,
what do we need to do
to make you trust us?
Is there anything
we can do to help you?
[Amy] Did David Ross Drake
disrespect the dead?
[recording playing]
David.
Is it, they did or David?
[Amy] Did David Ross Drake
disrespect the dead?
[recording playing]
I hear David,
and I hear they did.
-Yeah.
-I hear both.
[Amy] Was David Ross
an honest man?
Do you think
that he ever tried
anything illegal or unsavory?
[Adam] Did you know
David Ross Drake in passing
and in, in the community?
[recording playing]
I did, listen.
[Adam] Did you know
David Ross Drake
in passing
and in, in the community?
[recording playing]
-Mmm-hmm.
-I did.
I mean, even though
we're referencing this person,
it doesn't tell us
if it is this person.
Yeah.
[Adam] Where should we go
to investigate
to find our answers?
[recording playing]
-Down.
-I could say it's down.
[Amy] We would like
to speak with whoever's here
who's nonliving,
what do we need to do
to make you trust us?
Is there anything
we can do to help you?
[recording playing]
No, it did say they did.
But who is they?
-It doesn't really
give us any...
-No.
...indication of who it is.
I mean,
we are getting some stuff,
but we have no evidence
of any kind,
showing David Ross Drake
being malicious of intent.
It did say down though,
and that's the basement.
The basement.
[Adam] And the Chip said,
disrespectful to the dead.
Yeah. So, we've got to find
out what all that means.
We still need to figure out
what this energy is.
And that's the hardest piece
of this puzzle.
So again,
left with a million questions.
What's this negative energy?
What is happening?
And why is it connected
to this space?
And we still have
to figure that out.
[dramatic music playing]
-Hey, so Adam...
-What?
I just got a text from Chip.
You're not gonna believe
what he said.
What?
He says,
I got a message for you.
The dead are in the basement.
Oh.
[recording playing]
-Down.
-Think it says down.
That's so crazy.
I know.
I mean, maybe
that's where we should start.
I think we should.
Chip Coffey texted us saying
the dead are in the basement.
So, we are gonna start
tonight down there
and see if we can get
some answers
as to what's going on here.
[Adam] We are going
to do a spirit box session
to see if we get
more information
because something is going on
and we got to figure it out.
And I'm good.
So, if there's anybody
down here,
my friend Amy
is listening to something
that you can talk to.
So, if you could speak
into the device
that Amy has in her hand,
she will hear you talk.
First and foremost,
I feel it's impolite
to not know
that my name is Adam.
Lorrie.
Lorrie?
What about Lorrie?
Emporium.
Oh, she has the shop upstairs.
Yeah.
Was that your space?
Did you have
the funeral parlor up there?
He's gone.
He is gone. The person
that had a funeral parlor
upstairs is gone.
Did you know him?
Did you?
I did not know him. No.
No.
Yeah, I'm living.
Whoever's talking to Amy
right now,
I don't know if you know this,
but you're,
you're deceased.
You're no longer
a part of the living.
"I'll come back."
It was a really
creepy whisper
that just said that
and something's touching me.
[dramatic music playing]
Can you not...
don't touch Amy.
That's not okay. Okay?
"I'll come back."
Where are you going?
Don't go anywhere yet.
I wanted to ask you
about Drake.
The undertaker.
Don't, what?
Don't stop talking now.
Look, we're here.
We're, we're all
down here together.
Save us.
-Save us?
-It was like a girl.
How many of you
are down here?
Like in spirit form?
How many of you?
What do you need?
Can you tell me
what you need?
He's coming.
Who is coming?
David.
David Drake is coming?
Did he do something bad here?
Please tell me.
We're only here to help.
What's your name?
I don't want to get it wrong.
Don't stop talking now.
I can't help Lorrie
if you don't answer me.
Was--
-Adam.
-Yeah.
Is this working?
That actually
was really
freakin' interesting.
There were multiple voices.
Yes, that's what I got.
The first thing
you said was Lorrie.
And I said,
what about Lorrie?
And they said emporium?
Oh!
So, then I started
getting more responses
about the funeral home
specifically.
And then you said he's coming.
And I was like,
"Who's coming?"
And then you said, "David."
-I did?
-Yeah.
And I was like, "Okay,
are you here,
like, talk to me,"
and it sort of like
fizzled out then,
but it's as if whatever energy
is in this space
knows about the funeral home,
knew about Lorrie
and David Ross Drake.
Yet still nothing about
the aggressive spirit
down here.
So, we still should do
a few experiments down here
clearly
to find out more information.
Let's do some EVP work.
So, whoever is down here
with us who's nonliving,
or who wants to be heard,
this is your chance.
Did anything happen
in this basement
that was illegal
or kept secret?
Potentially, there are people
buried in this basement
and we would love to do right
by them or you.
We're just trying
to collect information.
And we're trying to make sure
that no one
was left down here.
There was
a funeral home upstairs.
Did someone who was running
that funeral home bury bodies
in the basement?
All right. Let's listen here.
[Amy] So, whoever is down here
with us who's nonliving,
or who wants to be heard,
this is your chance.
Did anything happen
in this basement
that was illegal
or kept secret?
Potentially, there are people
buried in this basement
and we would love to do right
by them or you.
We need you
to talk to us.
[recording playing]
-That says no.
[Amy] Are you here?
We're just trying
to collect information,
we're trying to make sure
that no one
was left down here.
[recording playing]
-That's something--
-That's a big sentence.
[Amy] We're just trying
to collect information,
we're trying to make sure
that no one
was left down here.
[recording playing]
-I was left down here.
[Adam] Did someone who was
running that funeral home
bury bodies in the basement?
"I was left down here."
Well, let's ask more questions
about that because--
Yeah, let's ask more.
Are you the only one
who was left down here?
Did someone leave you
down here...
and then you died?
Or were you already dead
and they put you down here?
We need you to tell us
your name, please.
Can you tell us
what year this happened?
What was the year?
If you had to tell us
on your own,
if you were to say front,
this is the front part,
this is the middle part,
that's the back part,
where is your body at?
Okay, let's listen.
[Amy] Are you the only one
who was left down here?
[Adam] Did someone leave you
down here and then you died?
Or were you already dead
and they put you down here?
[Amy] We need you
to tell us your name, please.
Can you tell us
what year this happened?
What was the year?
[recording playing]
Oh, that's crazy.
[dramatic music playing]
That's crazy.
[Amy] Can you tell us
what year this happened?
What was the year?
[recording playing]
-Seven.
Like, would they say seven,
like is that 1907?
Would they say seven?
So, anything happened in 1907
that you know of
that would make him like go,
"Okay, I'm gonna leave."
I don't know.
If you had to tell us
on your own?
If you were to say front,
this is the front part.
This is the middle part.
That's the back part.
Where is your body at?
[recording playing]
-Ooh.
-Did he say, "Back"?
-Yeah.
-He said back.
Which is back in that creepy--
Back.
Okay, so I would say
ample EVPs indicating
that there might actually be
a body buried in here.
-Right. And it said back.
-Back.
So, if we bring
like something,
somebody in here to search
and they find something
in the back part
of the basement.
It's gonna be crazy.
Whoa. Okay.
Amy and I were doing
some EVP work in the basement,
and somebody said,
"I was left down here."
I also asked "Where?"
and it said the "Back,"
which was very direct,
it was very specific.
Chip Coffey, who we love
and trust said,
"The dead
are in the basement."
So, we're bringing a Chip
into our investigation.
And if there is a body
in that basement buried
even if it's over
100 years old,
that could definitely be
the disrespect for the dead
that Chip was talking about.
[Amy] Hey, Chip.
Right now,
we're in the basement?
[Amy] Uh, yes.
What's in the back?
Back here?
[dramatic music playing]
What?
There's definitely
something there.
What?
Um,
you have some dead folks
that are gonna do something
in that basement.
Okay.
Remember what I texted you,
I'm hearing that again,
"You'll find the dead
in the basement."
Did somebody die here?
We don't know.
This is just not making
any sense to me.
Again, I'm seeing,
"No respect for the dead."
Okay.
I mean, we know
this was a morgue.
We know this was a mortuary,
like, there could be bodies
in the basement.
But then there could
also just have been bodies
stored in the basement,
before the embalming process.
And then Chip said,
"Did someone die here
in the basement?"
So clearly, there's got to be
something to it.
[dramatic music playing]
[Amy] You know,
at this point,
now we have
a real-life mystery
on our hands.
This has gone beyond
just finding
the existence of spirits
and trying to communicate
why they're here to
"There could be a body
in this basement."
And now that just takes
a much more serious turn
for us.
We spoke a little bit.
But basically,
there's a very big rumor
going around
that potentially there are
bodies or body parts
buried in the basement
of this building.
So what's going to happen is,
I'm going to ask Eisen
to search,
Eisen is a nine-year-old
German Shepherd,
and he's done cadaver work
all of his life.
He's trained
to find human scent.
-Yeah.
-And he'll go through
and search.
And once he makes a decision,
if he makes the decision
that there is something there,
such as bones or a grave
or whatever,
he will down at source,
which is what we call
final response.
-Okay.
So, would you like me
to get him?
Yeah, let's go ahead
and get Eisen out.
[dramatic music playing]
So, he's down now?
Yes.
You got to show me
where it is. Show me.
You got to touch it.
Where is it?
[Eisen barking]
Oh.
[dramatic music playing]
I mean.
Well, he's pretty,
he's pretty adamant.
Uh-huh.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
So, that was the only spot
that he showed interest.
-Okay.
-But you have the potential
with the dog...
-Yeah.
-...of having an area.
This bears
further investigation
down at this end
of the basement.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Yeah.
So, you can have
ground penetrating radar
before we can...
-Okay. Yeah.
-...start to think
about digging.
-So, I guess
that's our next step.
-Yeah. Thank you so much.
-Thanks. Very welcome.
-Appreciate it.
-Yes.
-This dog honed into a spot
in the basement,
in the back part
of the basement
which matches our evidence,
and it knows
something is there.
And so, the next step
is to bring in an expert
with a ground
penetrating radar.
His name is Sean,
we used to him
the valley inn case
he is gonna come in,
he's gonna look to see
if there's anything there.
If he sees
something on the radar,
I think it's gonna open up
another whole
can of worms.
And so right off the bat,
I do see something
a little bit shallow.
Okay.
That's three, four feet down.
-You can actually see it
on the screen.
-Yeah.
So you see where it changes
the consistency.
-It's, yeah,
like this gray data.
-Mmm-hmm.
So, what you're seeing
is like organic type material?
Yeah.
On this, so it's basically
just a change in the data.
-Yeah.
-Mmm-hmm.
I think especially
right in this area. Here.
Oh, right where the dog--
Right... I mean,
right in this area, I could--
In the earth.
4.5, 5 feet basically in this,
this general area,
we're definitely
catching something.
As far as a tank
or anything like that,
it's not only buried utilities
or anything like that.
So, it's, it's foreign
to the soil.
So, from what we could tell
or what I can tell today,
it could potentially be
something.
We call it an area of concern.
Okay.
[Amy] That's two hits.
Now we've got the dog.
We've got the ground
penetrating radar.
We should probably call
the authorities.
This is a very unusual
reveal day.
Normally, we would come in,
we would present our findings
to the client
and give them advice,
but we also got evidence
that suggests
there could be a body
down there.
So, there are steps
that you have to take.
But bottom line,
we have a lot to tell Lorrie.
All right, Miss Lorrie,
you have
a very haunted building
like, we'll, just say it
right off the top there.
There,
there's a lot of energy here.
There's a lot of activity.
There could have been
a thousand things
that wanted to talk to us,
but it seemed like
everyone stepped aside
for this one thing to be like,
"Okay, this is what
we're going to talk about."
[Amy] We had
a lot of communication
in the basement.
That was the hot spot
for us.
Chip Coffey sent us a text
and he said,
"I have a message for you.
The dead are in the basement."
We got quite a bit of activity
down there.
Okay, so, well,
I'm just gonna tell you...
Oh, God.
...it was
one of the clearest EVPs
we've gotten.
And we said, "How did you
end up in the basement?"
And a voice says,
"I was left down here."
Because of all of that
activity surrounding that,
because of Chip
pinging on the basement,
we just wanted to make sure
there was not a body
in the basement.
Right.
So, that's why we brought in
a cadaver dog.
All of a sudden, he gets
to one spot in the basement
and starts like digging
and smelling and digging.
And then the dog
just sat down.
Oh, there was something.
Not just something
human remains.
You think he really did?
Well, that's when we
brought in
the ground penetrating radar.
And he said that in that spot,
there is something
that could be a grave.
-Really?
-Yes.
-Ooh, goosebumps.
And so now our next step
is what we have to do,
which is the right thing
is we have
to alert the authorities.
[woman speaking]
After everything
that's happened here,
we felt it was the right thing
to do to call the authorities.
And so, the police
are actually here now.
They are in the basement.
We cannot film any of it.
In their eyes,
while we suspect
this could be
potentially the remains
of someone
from quite a while ago,
they have to rule that out.
No cameras, please.
[Amy] Yeah, I know.
That's... they told us.
No, we know.
No, absolutely.
[Adam] The detective
may want to speak to Deb.
-Yeah, I heard him.
-[Amy] Yeah.
I reached out to her,
and I can set you guys up
with her phone number
and also--
The detective,
the other guy with us.
Right now, they're treating it
like a crime scene.
You know, Lorrie
has such an attachment
to this building.
She is a part
of this building.
So, I think right now
she's aware
of what's going on
in the basement.
Obviously, we don't have
all of our answers
for the basement just yet.
We've handed that
over to the police.
But right now,
we have to leave here
without firm answers.
As far as who is buried
in the basement,
if there's someone buried
I'm hoping not.
But I can say that the police
are taking this
very seriously.